Copilot/find instances of cite (#294)
symbiotic-engineering/MDOcean: pubs/applied-ocean-research-model/sections/model-overview.tex

    MDOcean uses an implicit-MDF architecture: the dynamics module iterates internally to converge the quasi-linear drag and saturation describing functions, while all other modules are explicit.
    The implicit formulation is preferred over explicit alternatives due to the structure of the derived optimal control conditions (\Cref{sec:mod-freq-domain}).
    It also avoids introducing control variables into the outer optimization while preserving optimal control behavior, minimizing total runtime given that hydrodynamics dominates computational cost (\Cref{sec:sim-runtime}).

>     Detailed architecture rationale, coupling analysis, and the relation to MDO literature are provided in \citep{mccabe_dissertation_2026}.

Author: ```suggestion
    \citep{mccabe_dissertation_2026} provides detailed architecture rationale, coupling analysis, and the relation to MDO literature.
```
